Matthew Dutton, mdutton3, 901-779-835
CS7631-Project1-Part2

My team uses less than 215 characters.  :^)
It was less than 200 characters but there is a bug in soccer that does not always set
a[PLAYER] and the player IDs on the map are not switched. I can't tell my team from the
other when this happens. This caused me to block when my own players were near sometimes.

My team is a modified version of the example team and was designed to play against the
example team. It exploits example team's weaknesses. In particular, the example team does
not check if a tile is occupied before attempting to move to it.

To beat the example team, obstructs example team and avoids wasting turns on collisions.
My team checks if the destination is occupied before moving and chooses a different move
if it is occupied. When example team is trying to get behind the ball, it tries to get
directly behind the ball if it is not already in one of the three squares behind the ball.
To obstruct this, if one of my bots finds itself directly in *front* of the ball, it will
not move. This causes the example team to waste turns not moving or kicking.

Also, my team tries to diagonally whenever possible, even whenever the ball-direction
is N, S, E, or W off-screen. This is to maximize movement towards the ball. My team
prefers the diagonal direction that is most likely to put it behind the ball instead of
at the ball.

My team beats example ~100/6 and also beats most other teams. It doesn't beat 'spaniels'
or 'rollers', which both use x-y position. The rollers team actually uses the x-y position
to make the players act heterogenous, but still only wins ~2/1. :^)

My teams biggest strength is blocking the front of the ball when another team is nearby.
Without this tactic, I score much worse (but still beat example).

One of my team's weaknesses is not kicking the ball when it isn't behind the ball but the
opponent is. I could have put in logic for that but I already beat example and I liked
my low character count.  :^)


